[Music]
hoppy came in as you can tell she's
super super little it's just still very
little you can see but she's been here
for quite a while so you can imagine how
little she was when she got in here and
she generally is smiling pretty much all
the time except when she's sleeping and
she even laughs in her sleep and smiles
in her sleep she's my and that's her
laughing
[Music]
[Laughter]
the reason papi came to us and and the
reason any chimp comes to us is because
her mother was killed for bush meat and
poppy has a little bit of shrapnel in
different places that probably came off
her mother when she was shot and they
physically pulled her off her mother
chopped her mother up into pieces
tied it up and then went with her mother
dead chopped up and her in the other
hand to go sell her as a pet and into
the live pet trade she should be with
her mother and her I can give you a good
example is that one one day when I was
um sorry one day when I was playing with
poppy and she was really little and the
first time she gave me a really big
smile and she has a really big beautiful
smile and I just could only think about
her mom that her mom never gets to see
that smile
I know
[Music]
mom doesn't get to see the smile or grow
up or climb for the first time or and
it's just not fair you know we think
about poppy and she does have a chance
in a good life
I hope we can give her a good life but
her mom doesn't get to see that it's not
just that her mom died but her mom
doesn't get to enjoy her child that she
gave birth to just like just like if
someone took my baby away from me it's
not fair and there's you know so it's
really important for us to to do this
work to keep wild chimps in the wild so
that I don't want a chimp like poppy to
ever have to come to me again I mean I
hope you know I know we'll get more
right now but I hope one day we never
get more because I hope they're all just
with their moms and their families and I
hope they never get to me
[Music]
are you jealous are you jealous
are you jealous